allow for specifying various acct files and output a header in between
So you can see diff accts perf such as IRA vs Brokerage vs Work Retirement acct
Instead of flat files and objects, just dump into a sqlite db and update. then can query and sort output via database instead of manipulating objects. WOuld this make it more portable? Or more readable and robust. Only store info pulled from Yahoo finance, calculate everthing else? or calc and store in db so can sort based on that field as well. Yeah why not. It doesn't take that much space 
[done] takes input filename as command line arg
Create an output of data that can be used to plot things over time. :date/time,stock price, portfolio price -->SQLiteDB
use getopts to specify taxbracket file and input files, loop over input files
Flag for retirement / roth ira so as to elim tax.create tool to grab various company info etc scraped from the yahoo finance page
http://developer.yahoo.com/finance/company.html rss feed of co. news.

http://www.gummy-stuff.org/Yahoo-data.htm

Have the program run and sleep for an interval and then output the data to a database that is constantly updated.
Then have the program pull from the local database for faster results (not like getting the results takes that long anyway)
Save the amount of eatch portfolio so you can log that day after day and see how that is trending. The problem otherwise is that you don't necessarily see the changes from the prev close to the current open. Have it run as a daemon in the background and poll the requisite data.

create a color coded ticker at the end that shows plus/minus as a trend for how the stock has fared over set periods. 1wk 1mo 3mo 6mo 1yr etc. 

Fri Feb 22 17:39:12 EST 2013
the Totals that I output for a particular portfolio don't currently show cumulative effects. I just sold AAPL but that isn't showing up in the Total Dollar Gains. Maybe I need to have a Realized Gains. I also need to propagate the commission paid for that purchase and sale into the total. Need to figure out how to track those items that are realized but not sure how to propagate and keep track of them. Ideally you keep piling up the gains but there are also some cumulative losses that are realized as well that i need to keep track of. 


Thu Aug 15 14:31:48 EDT 2013
Allow for selecting a portfolio and then a stock in the portfolio.
List percentage of money in that portfolio in that stock.
Allow switches to produce output of a certain kind.
Switches to show which fields to display. 
Send alert when near the 52 week high, low.
Send alert when losses at 8%. 
Send alert when the stock has made an X percent jump that day. 

Tue Sep 17 16:21:06 EDT 2013
html webpage output format.
interactive web page
store portfolios in db and pull the xml portfolio and parse it from the db
better document the code and define what the outputs represent
warning that the first day of a portfolios life may not be very true due to the diff in open close price vs purchase price. hmm need to analyze this statement and the code behind it. 
put in checks if the portfolio age is zero and therefore it'll try to divide by zero.
ncurses front end
purely webbased app. could use localstorage and load a local file and pull in the data that way.

Wed Sep 18 09:00:13 EDT 2013
text friendly output. hmm I like the html formatting output. pretty flexible. 
spawn LaTeX output/pdf
interactive data table
use JS to turn certain rows on/off based on what they want to view.
show profit per share, growth?? per share. ie if you bought at $3 and its's worth $6 show taht it doubled i.e.100% growth


Fri Sep 20 13:16:43 EDT 2013
allow specification of time period to compare. 
so you can also have an email sent to you via a monthly cron job that will give you performance across period X.
specify the time period generically so one option can be used to cover weekly,monthly,yearly periods.

Sat Sep 21 18:12:33 EDT 2013
add tooltips to explain the headings of each row in the html output. 
ticker is hyperlink to yahoo finance page.
if the stock is losing to the sp500, then color the text diff.
buffer output based on terminal so that it doesn't go flying by
'switches' of css hinting to gauge performance.
use tabs to show diff portfolios. 
could do a metarefresh of the html and have it chart your portfolios worth across the day. ie save off the data and update the price slowly adding to a list a snapshot of the value at that time.
text alignmen

Sun Sep 22 17:47:53 EDT 2013
Nice output format for the html so that can easily examine it.
documentation examples of all the various output formats (may not be best approach since if they aren't up to date, that is no good)
Is there an easy way to ingest other stock data?
simply output in valid json as a portfolio and I can ingest it......
expand TaxBracket.txt for ST/LT tax brackers.
I believe I have a very naive implementation of the tax scenario. It is a 'straight' rate and doesn't take into acct the true way taxes are calculated. This needs to be implemented, or a note made.

Categorize investments in the portfolio
Create a history of the portfolio. buys sells etc. 

Show the % of the portfolio in each investment. 

The Hi low Pct for mutual funds needs to be corrected.
the comparetosp500 vs calculation is wrong for some reason???

make it multi purpose so that can compare to other indices or stocks. could be easy to do with javascript and background proc


Thu Oct  3 22:25:04 EDT 2013
instead of the jqueryui tabs, use just a list of links and anchors to tables.

HTTP meta refresh for webpage if meant to go out on web

Mon Oct  7 22:24:40 EDT 2013
pie chart of each portfolio into total worth and each individual portfolio broken down into its components.
